Release note oms UI deprecation (#43)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/release-notes/oms-ui-deprecation.md

---
slug: "official-new-orders-module-interface"
title: "Official new orders module interface"
createdAt: 2023-01-31T17:13:29.000Z
hidden: false
type: "improved"
excerpt: 'From February 1st, 2023, all VTEX stores will have the redesigned version of VTEX Admin module All orders.'
---

From February 1st, 2023, all VTEX stores will have the redesigned version of VTEX Admin module **All orders**, which includes the pages **Order List** and **Order Details**. The version was in beta stage and will now be the new standard for all accounts, and stores will not be able to return to the previous version. 

This change only impacts VTEX Admin users and will not affect APIs related to the Order Management System (OMS).

> For more information, check out the [announcement](https://help.vtex.com/en/announcements/nova-interface-modulo-pedidos-oficial--r647iGCF2d4Xjll6r0Etz) in our Help Center and the article [Frequently asked questions about the new orders module interface](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/perguntas-frequentes-nova-interface-modulo-pedidos--1mgSrqT2X3lxIkccEv8bLW).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, check out the [announcement](https://help.vtex.com/en/announcements/new-orders-module-interface-official--r647iGCF2d4Xjll6r0Etz) in our Help Center and the article [Frequently asked questions about the new orders module interface](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/frequently-asked-questions-new-orders-module-interface--1mgSrqT2X3lxIkccEv8bLW).
```
